
fit a bayesian beta model to mutation, with the mutation rate of winning maps being empirically fitted to that curve.  
do last 32 wins.  start with a rate of 0.25, 1 sample.  tail off exponentially, with the extra +1 sample being the mean of the last beta curve.

only remember the scores and the assignments of the pareto frontier - say 100 frontiers.  do each one at a time.

0) initialize weighted flood fill

1) only do one candidate map at a time
2) do binary search on all scores.
  find score with fewest worse maps
3) remove all maps that are pareto inferior. (worse on all scores)  - or maps that are only better on one score?
4) if not at capacity, add 
	add mutation rate to beta fit
	
	
for current app - add bayesian auto-adjust mutation rate - adjust based on the logarithm of the mutation

-----------------------
NEW STUFF STARTS BELOW
-----------------------


adaptive mutation
------------------
- have the slider enabled, will set the mean if moved
- have auto-anneal adjust the mean
-- try adjusting with simple beta model, not based on logarithm.

------------------

other
------------
change balanced flood fill to prefer contiguity over population inequality
	allow it to steal from neighbors if has no other option, be sure to subtract that from neighbor's population

add ability to set maximum thresholds

add import ward assignment option
add export ward assignment option


rename descriptive representation to majority minority

pareto
------------------
add scorers:
add max rep gerrymander
add max dem gerrymander

also sorts by rank
shows map statistics in a table (both value and rank)
add filter by rank for each criteria (a high and a low) (or by value)
- show how many maps remain in each filter
- add ability to crop pareto front
- add ability to export all that meet filter as ward assignment files
    - along with summary stats

ability to set permanent limits
can clean pool by eliminating lowest weighted rank
majority minority limit is sum (abs (target - received))
partisan asymmetry is sum of all chosen elections



add force keep option

